=head1 EXAMPLE

=head2 Basics

Here is how you run a basic service.  Remember that the whitespace
between fields must be TABs.

  service.args	mysql	runuid	-s	mysql	mysqld
  service.fds	mysql	null	stdout	stdout
  service.auto_up	mysql	2	always

That example leaves error messages going to daemonproxy's STDOUT.
If you want to set up a logger, try this:

  fd.pipe	mysql-log.r	mysql-log.w
  service.args	mysql-log	sissylog	mysql
  service.fds	mysql-log	mysql-log.r	stderr	stderr
  service.auto_up	mysql-log	2	always
  service.args	mysql	runuid	-s	mysql	mysqld
  service.fds	mysql	null	mysql-log.w	mysql-log.w
  service.auto_up	mysql	2	always

That example requires 'sissylog' from the perp package.  Also,
you might want to configure mysql to use /dev/fd/1 as its log file.

To down a service, use this sequence:

  service.auto_up	mysql	-
  service.signal	mysql	SIGKILL

and then wait for the event that it went down.

These examples use auto_up, which asks daemonproxy to auto-restart
the service.  If you're using a controller script (which was the
main use-case for the design of daemonproxy) then use service.start
instead, and when you get the service.state event saying the service
died, you can decide to restart it on your own.

=head2 Using a Controller Script

If you are actually using a controller script, here is all you need
in a config file:

  service.args	my_controller	my-controller.pl
  service.fds	my_controller	control.event	control.cmd	stderr

This starts a controller service which reads events on stdin and
writes daemonproxy commands on stdout.  Its stderr goes to
daemonproxy's stderr.  The controller can do whatever you like,
such as listening on a unix socket, or even a TCP socket, or even
a UDP socket, or using INotify to watch a directory, or anything
else you can think of.

=head2 Other examples

See the examples in the doc directory that come with daemonproxy.
If they aren't installed by your package manager, you can find them
on github or the home page.

=head1 BUGS

Please report bugs in the issue tracker at L<http://github.com/silverdirk/daemonproxy>

=head1 SEE ALSO

The documentation distributed with the source code contains an informative
README and a "api.ltw" which contains more detailed documentation for the
command and event protocol.

=over 15

=item Homepage

L<http://nrdvana.net/daemonproxy>

=item GitHub Page

L<http://github.com/silverdirk/daemonproxy>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Michael Conrad <mike@nrdvana.net>

=cut
